---
title: "Reset"
date: 2014-12-04
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "104382299306"
---

# Reset
**Growing up,** my life was one of resets. Nintendo, computers, semesters. You start one thing, you finish at a predetermined time, and then you reset. You start a new game. You start a new semester. The past was the past. 

> The biggest difficulty in “growing up” has been my continued desire to push RESET.

**My first job out of university, I had the desire to reset all the time.** My second job, the desire to reset is slowly creeping out of the picture. Thankfully. But this type of  _resetting_ is not the focus of my thoughts right now.

> I’m more thinking of the ability to start fresh, to start anew, with a clean slate, a carte blanc, if you will.

**A podcast I listen to recently talked about alcoholics and the sobriety process.** It seemed as though many former alcoholics encounter a point of hitting _RESET_ on their life. There’s who you were as an alcoholic, and there’s who you are now. This, from my understanding, is because there’s no “in-between.” There’s no “I’m going to be less of an alcoholic today than yesterday." 

> And this idea made me think about depression, and more specifically, my depression.

**I felt like I’ve been going through a similar resetting process.** There’s been a re-awakening of trying to find out who I am, what type of person I am. What is my purpose? What do I find enjoyment in? There’s a resetting process in my relationships. There’s been a resetting of work, of exercise, of my entire life, because of my depression.

**And there is no going back.** There’s not going to be a day that I can go back to my so-called "pre-depression” days. This is who I am now. And that’s not a bad thing nor a good thing.

_It just is. And that realization**is** a good thing._
