> Gratification builds the momentum, motivation, and muscle for the work that will require patience and stamina. Of course you can’t always have what you want immediately. But you can find ways to turn frustration into savouring. You can fill the waiting space with pleasure so you become less stressed and more juiced, so you feel less at the mercy of time and more devoted to your dream. _([Danielle LaPorte](http://www.daniellelaporte.com/instant-gratification/))_  
> 

**As the Rolling Stones said, “You can’t always get what you want.”** To Ms. LaPorte’s point of turning our moments of frustration into moments worth savoring, I agree with this.

**What I find hard to agree with** is calling this instant gratification. 

> grat·i·fi·ca·tion  
> ˌɡradəfəˈkāSH(ə)n/  
> noun  
> pleasure, especially when gained from the satisfaction of a desire.  
> “a thirst for sexual gratification”  
> synonyms: satisfaction, fulfillment, indulgence, relief, appeasement; More  
> a source of pleasure.  
> plural noun: gratifications

**A moment to savor doesn’t really seem to be a fulfillment of desire.** I think the idea of filling the waiting space with pleasure is more about being content and grateful for the lives we have. 

**As I re-read the above excerpt,** I thought about rewriting it to reflect the idea of gratefulness and contentment.

> Gratefulness builds the momentum, motivation, and muscle for the work that will require patience and stamina. What you want is temporary. Turn frustrating into savoring. Fill the waiting space with gratefulness so you become less stressed and more juiced, so you feel less at the mercy of time and more devoted to your dream.  
> 

**The more I build my mindfulness practice,** the more I try to “let things be.” Yes, there are things I want to change in my life. Yes, I want to be less depressed. I want to be happier. I want to be financially secure. I want to have a family. 

> Desire does not make these things happen. Satisfaction, Gratification, those do not come from fulfilling the desires in my life. My life is fulfilled when it fills me. There is nothing I need to do to be full of life; I just need to accept what is already in my life, what is already here, now.

_I think that is part of the point that Ms. LaPorte is making, but calling it instant gratification is not the way to make the point. It speaks to her audience, but I believe it’s the wrong point to make._
