---
title: "Six"
date: 2015-05-26
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "119910393853"
---

# Six
**One.**

Alone. Separate. Divisible. Close to zero. Close to nothing.

**Two.**

A couple. A pair. Together. Partners. A whole.

**Three.**

Balancing the stool. Expanding the pair. Help coming.

**Four.**

Running on two legs. For me. For my spouse. Two plus two.

**Five.**

Our families. Our friends. Support. Friendship. Fellowship. Not alone.

**Six.**

Building. Moving forward. Patterns. Six months of this blog. 

**It’s been six months since I started writing here.** It’s been almost a year since we started seeing a therapist. It’s been almost a year since I was diagnosed with depression. 

**What have I learned?**

> Quite a bit, actually.

**I’ve learned that writing has helped.** Writing brings structure to the unstructured. Writing brings [clarity to the unclear](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/116033524471/why-do-it-alone). Writing helps those neurons in my brain fire forward instead of backward.

**I’ve learned about[meditation](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/110812933171/headscape-day-4) and [mindfulness](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/110842353101/gratification-builds-the-momentum-motivation-and).** Both have brought focus to days where it’s hard to think positively, where it’s hard to think straight, or where there’s too much to think about in general.

**I’ve opened up.** About what, you ask? Pretty much almost everything (except my tattoo, although summer is going to change that.) I’ve opened up about my depression. I’ve opened up about suicide - and how it’s not an option for me. I’ve opened up about the loss of our dog. It’s incredibly cathartic to open up. It helps you focus.

> [Focus on what matters](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/117174747784/the-struggle).

**One aspect of my life** I’ve possibly learned the most about is to focus on the core of who I am; what makes me _me_? Whether it’s my favorite podcast (Rich Roll), meditation, running, or even cleaning the house, more and more of my life is geared towards only improving me and culling aspects of my life that are _not me._

> You could call it minimalist. I call it life as it should be. Life in the “zone.”

**I think “minimalist” connotes the wrong idea** to people. It connotes that you are living “without,” that there is more you can add to your life. More things. More activities. More house. More friends. Just More.

> What I think it should be is “enough.”

**Living with “enough” is perfect.** “Enough” connotes living. Connotes that you are living with “enough” house, “enough” possessions, “enough” activities. Just “enough.”

> How can I continue to live with “enough?”

**How can I live every day** as though that day is enough? Is that even the right thing to do? Is it correct to live each day as if it’s enough. Would I be working at my job right now if I wanted to live this day as if today is “enough?”

> What would happen if I left my job? 

**That’s certainly a _big_ question. B-I-G.** And it’s certainly not the question that I want, nor need, to answer during this “six-month review” of this blog. What I want to do is to look at progress. What I have learned. What I have yet to learn. 

> All I know is that today is a new day.

**It’s a day past tomorrow. And tomorrow will be another day.** That’s something both our therapist and my spouse continue to tell me, especially lately. Even on the rainy days, you have to remember that there are days where it is sunny. The sun and the blue skies are _just_ beyond those rain clouds. It is always blue skies, you just have to remember that the blue skies are there.  


**In the same way,** I need to remember that even when I have “Bad Days,” a good day is still there. A day is just a day. There is nothing special about one day from the next. Like mindfulness meditation teaches me to be aware of my body and sensations I experience, I am teaching myself to be aware of my feelings and my day. Whether it’s a bad day or a good day, it is still a day. I am still here. I can still do. I can still _be_.

> “I think, therefore, I am”  
> 

 _Something so simple, and yet so complex._
