**There’s a great article over at Vox** entitled “[10 things I wish people understood about suicide](http://www.vox.com/2015/1/23/7868621/suicide-help "10 things I wish people understood about suicide")” that I’ve been reading and re-reading for the past week. There’s so much  _good_ (the noun, not the adjective) in the article that there’s no way I could write all my thoughts out in one Tumblr post.

**What follows is the first post of several,** each of which will comprise a thought or two about one aspect or quote of the aforementioned article.

**The very first part that stuck with me** was the following:

> We are not as alone as we think, and we can make a huge contribution to society just by staying alive … What I learned is that, compared to ours, most societies have had stronger messages about rejecting suicide, because of what we mean to each other and because of what we owe to our future self.  _(Jennifer Michael Hecht)_[  
> ](http://www.vox.com/users/Jennifer%20Michael%20Hecht)

**This is huge to me.** In fact, as someone currently facing depression and doesn’t want to talk about my feelings, this was a big enough idea that I mentioned it to my spouse while on a road trip this weekend.

> Most of the time we think of depression as a “me” illness; it is the “I” who is sick, “I” am affected by this illness, “you” need to help “me,” and so forth. _(myself)_

**If we turn that traditional thought** of the illness as an “I” disease into a thought of an “us” disease, maybe that helps us be stronger in the face of such darkness. 

> I know that I mean something to others.  _(myself)_

**I know that I mean something to my spouse** , to my parents, my sister, my friends, and my coworkers. Most of all, I mean something to myself, to my future self.

_Depression is who I am now, it affects me now, but it does not define me and definitely does not define my future self._
