> I don’t have all the answers, but I do realize that with the limited time I have left to live, I want to spend it in pursuit of what’s meaningful, not what seems glittery and cool.  
> 

Read a recent post from [Zen Habits](http://zenhabits.net/pushing/) talking about the unending pursuit of improving the self. Intriguing thoughts. I’m certainly at a position in my life where I have goals similar to what Leo writes about.

  * Run a marathon  

  * Raise a puppy
  * Have a better marriage
  * Lose weight
  * Grow a garden
  * Build a fence
  * Save Money
  * Make more money



**Why do I want these things?** Because society tells me I want these things, right? For the most part, yes. As Leo writes though, there are goals we want because they are created out of love, out of creating meaning, they are of value.

> So what goals do I have that create meaning, are created out of love, are of value?

**Love.**

Love my spouse. Love my family. Love my dog. Love my friends. Love my community. Love the world.

In a lot of my therapy and self-improvement (if I can use that word here without causing images of crappy books at Barnes and Noble), I’ve thought quite a bit of love. Loving the world is a much better way of seeing the world, rather than a series of problems. Now, this certainly doesn’t mean that I ignore problems. What it means is that I see problems being solved through love and understanding, rather than dissension and oppression. 

**Truth.**

Being true to myself. True to my family. True to the world.

How can I purport to love others if I don’t show my true self to the world? There’s really no way to be true to the world if I am not first true to myself. I must examine my own feelings and examine who I am.

**Service.**

Service to others provides meaning outside of the self. Service to others allows us to step outside of the box we create and to experience the world and our communities as others see and experience the world. This is why I look to increase my service and volunteering in order to help with my depression and my life.

_Think about the goals that drive you. Are they true goals? Or are they goals placed upon you by Others?_
