---
title: "Control"
date: 2015-01-28
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "109386076141"
---

# Control
**I recently got a tattoo.**

**And by _a_ tattoo, I mean basically my whole upper arm.** The decision process was pretty quick. Found an artist that I liked, asked for openings, and scheduled a time. Easy.

**Even the process of getting the tattoo was fairly easy.** It was actually pretty enjoyable, at least until the end when it started to get sore and I was getting hungry (going on 6+ hours of sitting in the chair with 15 minutes of break).

> And aside from the actual body art I now own, I never thought about how this act, seemingly rebellious, would appear to the outside world. 

**My better half described the act to others as an act of control.** In their words, the depression made me think that I had lost control over my body, my mind. The act of getting a tattoo was asserting my control over my body, my mind.

> “This is my body. This is my decision. THIS is who I AM.”

**And that thought has stayed with me, even very small, in the back of my mind, but it’s been there.**

_And then I heard a thought during my commute today._

**What about the idea that depression takes away control, takes away my control?** It’s an interesting thought to consider. If I think back on some of my therapy sessions and other conversations, some of the focus has been on the anger I exhibit.

> And if I think about when I become angry, it’s not because I’m upset with another person. No. I usually become angry because I’m lashing out because I’m mad at myself.

**It’s a list of reasons,** but they sometimes include:

  * Fear that I’ve failed myself
  * Fear that I’ve failed others close to me
  * I’m a disappointment to myself and others
  * I should’ve been able to control my anger, why didn’t I know better?
  * Frustration, and not being able to communicate that frustration earlier and healthier



_And so, thinking about control, the idea that depression has taken that control away from me, is a very frightening idea. Am I still me even though I’m clinically depressed?_
