---
date: 2015-02-12
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "110844573386"
---
10) If we manage to lower the suicide rate and keep it low, people in the future will look back at our age and see a massacre

What would you think if I told you about a civilization where 40,000 men, women, and children took their lives every year? How is this not a kind of blood sacrifice? Suicide notes are full of people explaining that they are a burden. How did they get that idea? Our culture told them that it is up to them to decide if life is worth living. They have been told it is up to them to weigh their contributions and deficits, joy and anguish. What a cruel and wrong-headed thing to tell people.

I believe that community and culture make meaning and it is not up to any one of us to sustain meaning all the time. Imagine that tomorrow morning you wake up alone on the planet. Would you do anything the same? We make life and meaning together, in the context of others. Can you imagine trying to know about meerkats by grabbing one specimen and looking it over in the lab? We are what we are together and we should say so. Or don’t say anything about it, but stop saying it is morally neutral to kill yourself, and stop saying it is everyone’s choice. If this society is in any way complicit in making us hate ourselves, I don’t think we should listen to it invite the miserable to die and get out of the way. For many of us who think about suicide, part of the appeal is to shove life back in life’s face. I think the better rebellion is to stay alive.
