---
date: 2015-02-02
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "109914870949"
---
_This is Part 3 of my response to the Vox article “10 things I wish people understood about suicide” that I’ve been reading the last couple of weeks.[Part 1.](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/109479344515/theres-a-great-article-over-at-vox-entitled-10) [Part 2. ](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/109494262740/this-is-part-2-of-my-response-to-the-vox-article)_

> Camus says that what you will learn from experience is unknowable until you get there, and very much worth the wait and struggle.  _(Jennifer Michael Hecht)_  
> 

**This is a good follow up to[Part 2](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/109494262740/this-is-part-2-of-my-response-to-the-vox-article) of my series.** That part talked about the idea of self-worth and that those prone to suicide and depression have low self-worth, i.e. don’t see their lives holding intrinsic value nor value to others. 

**As I noted,**

> The reason why I say ‘You’d be better off without me.’ is not a statement about suicide. It’s a statement that I value myself so little that I don’t believe I provide any worth, any value to your life.”  
> 

I’ve paraphrased the idea that Jennifer Michael Hecht presents with Camus is an interesting one like this:

> You will learn from experience. What you will learn is unknowable until you get there. Once you get there, what you learn will be worth the wait and struggle.  
> 

**This reminded me of the YouTube campaign “It Gets Better”** which tells GLBT people going through hard times that life gets better. “Look beyond your immediate circumstances, and understand that this. will. get. better.”

> I think one reason why this journaling is helping me is that I continue to journal during the good times. 

**My previous efforts at journaling/diary** usually consisted of late night or early morning binge-writings of my lowest moments. Fights. Arguments. Nightmares. You get the idea. 

> I rarely wrote about good days.

**I now realize that I didn’t write about the good days** the same way I wrote about the bad days. When I wrote about bad days, I questioned, I examined my feelings, I looked into my soul. When I wrote about good days, it was like “[The Things They Carried](http://www.amazon.com/The-Things-They-Carried-OBrien/dp/0767902890),” listing the events of my day from waking up to going to bed. 

> There was no examination, no questioning why I had a good day, no looking into my soul during the good times.

_As I move forward in my journey through the dark, I will continue to write down thoughts of the good times so that my future self can look back and know that it does get better._
