_This is Part 2 of my response to the Vox article “10 things I wish people understood about suicide” that I’ve been reading the last couple of weeks. Part 1 is[here](http://journeythroughmydark.tumblr.com/post/109479344515/theres-a-great-article-over-at-vox-entitled-10)._

_**An excerpt:**_

> An ex-Army Ranger quoted this idea from Stay in a personal essay on suicide for the Daily Beast and added: “If you want your Ranger buddy to survive, you have to accept help and fight through your own battles.” I don’t know why we cannot always see our own value, but when people realize that getting help and surviving will keep others alive, they feel less self-indulgent when they take steps to make it through the crisis.  
> 

**“Don’t know why we cannot always see our own value.”** Why is this so hard? Why is it so hard for an individual with depression to see their own value? Their own worth? 

**It’s an incredible question to ask yourself,** "What is my value, what is my worth?” Especially when you are depressed. The opposite statement would be, “I love myself. I love me.”

> “I love who I am.”

**This thought, this premise of self-worth, of knowing that we are worth something, we hold intrinsic value,** is something that I need to tell myself every day. I think I took a lot of my self-worth and self-value for granted growing up. Looking back at some of the times in my young-adulthood when I was “down,” I can see myself doubting my self-worth. 

> “If I died today, would anyone remember me? Would anyone mourn me?”

**I think the idea of people remembering your life** drives a lot of people to action in their lives. But it can also drive you deeper into depression if you already have low self-worth.

**Because of the article “10 things I wish people…,”** I talked with my spouse about self-worth on a recent road trip. I said, “When I’m down, I don’t think I’m worth anything. The reason why I say ‘You’d be better off without me.’ is not a statement about suicide. It’s a statement that I value myself so little that I don’t believe I provide any worth, any value to _your_ life.”

> And this was a huge breakthrough for my spouse. 

**My spouse now knew that they weren’t doing anything wrong.** The stress of thinking your spouse wants to commit suicide was gone. But it was a breakthrough statement for me as well. Because it was telling _myself_ that suicide is **not an option**. As dark as I felt in that moment, it was not an option. 

 _I realize this is getting to be one of my longest posts in this diary/journal/journey/self-talk/therapy session, so I’ll try to wrap it up with this thought._

> “I love who I am.”

**That’s all there is to it.** Family, job, life, me. I need to love _me_ first. I need to be at peace with myself, with who I am, before I can be at peace with others, with the world. 

> I spend so much energy trying to be a peace with others that I think I forgot to love myself.

_“I love who I am.”_
