# A New Year
Whoa, it’s been almost two years since I’ve written on here. And there is actually a good reason for that. For most of that time, I’ve actually been journaling _on paper_. Yes, old school. Sometimes, however, I don’t know where my journal is. Other times I just want to type. I love typing. Screw the mouse and touch screens, typing is where it’s at.

Well, anyhoo. Thinking about an email I got from Lama Surya Das.

All I seem to do is to sit and read, and re-read the first few sentences. I can’t seem to get past them because they’re so simple, yet so powerful.

> We all need to love and be loved, to be understood, accepted, included, and genuinely connect: to be seen, embraced, and belong.

Yes.

I think one of the reasons why I’m seemingly stuck on this sentence is that a friend and colleague from university said something very similar when I was having a hard time. The basic gist of my friend’s quote was “we all want to feel needed.” And I read, and re-read the above sentence—”We all need to love and be loved”—and it’s like I’ve been punched in the stomach.

**We all need to love and be loved.** How simple our problems would be if we followed this. If we believed this. If we remembered this.

**To be understood.** To listen to each other, and not just hear. I sit and listen and read of the politics of the day, and I’m stunned at how little true “understanding” is happening. 

**Accepted.** We spend so much of our time grouping people, and categorizing, and excluding. Accept those around you. I continue to be amazed at how deep people’s lives are if you let them into your life. If you accept that person into your world.

**Included.** No one likes to feel left out, left behind, singled out and being picked last for the team. What can we do to include those around us? As I’m trying to get involved in politics, I’m helping gather data for local school board elections across the country. So far, I’ve looked at school boards in California and Florida, and I’ve been astounded by the lack of diversity on our school boards. 

And one more rung down the ladder, I think about the idea that if I was to run for a school board, I do _nothing_ to help with that diversity issue. So the question stuck in my mind is, even if I want to be involved and get involved in politics, and I value diversity, _why or how do I encourage or show diversity if I’m white?_

**Genuinely connect.** Slow down. That’s what this means to me. Slow down and make a connection with those around you. That’s part of the reason why I stopped typing on here in 2015. I wanted to slow down. Writing with pen on paper forces you to slow down, to think, to ponder. I’ve been reading more over the last two years as well, and that’s helped me slow down as well.

What can we do to slow down our lives? When our lives are filed with social media, tweets, Facebook Live, smart phones, etc. How do we make sure we are truly, genuinely connecting with those around us?

**To be seen, embraced, and belong.** I am not invisible. I am here. I am a person. I deserve to be heard. I have a voice. I will use my voice. Embrace me for who I am. Embrace me as your neighbor. Embrace me as a stranger. Embrace me as a human being. Embrace me as a refugee. Embrace me as an immigrant. I belong here. I belong in my home. I belong in my school and in my place of worship. I belong. I belong.

I belong here on this planet. And I will continue to be here until I am not here. I am part of the stars in the night sky. And those stars will shine one brighter when I leave, but I will not leave now. For I belong here, in this moment, I belong here. 

One day, one day I will belong to the stars. Today is not that day.

I belong with you. My neighbor, the stranger, the sister or mother. My wife. A boss. You all belong. We belong. 

  


> We all need to love and be loved, to be understood, accepted, included, and genuinely connect: to be seen, embraced, and belong. However, I think that the most important thing in any relationship is the tender empathy and mutual reciprocity of a warm and open heart. If our relationships aren’t nurturing the growth and development of goodness of heart, openness, generosity, authenticity and intimate connection, they are not serving us or furthering a better, more just and kind world.
> 
> I have learned that to truly love people I need to let them be as they are, and to love, accept and appreciate them each in their own way– free of my projections, expectations and illusions– and not as how I would like them to be. This is equally true for loving, accepting, embracing, and coming home to oneself.
> 
> There is no Them, no other, no stranger! Our commonality is apparent and the differences recede into the background. When I peer deeply enough into another’s heart and see the baby Buddha or innocent inner child their grandparents and parents cradled oh-so-lovingly in their arms like the most precious, long awaited and cherished thing in the world– and how they were just like me, in that way, and are, underneath it all—who would I harm, fear, resent, put down or exploit?
> 
> I notice that children let go of anger and would rather be happy than right, unlike so many of us adults. This Valentine’s Day let’s try staying present in this very moment, through mindful awareness and paying attention to what is– rather than dwelling on the past or the future, or on who we think we are and who we imagine others are. This practice frees us from excess baggage, anxiety and neurosis, opening us to true love, unconditional love, Buddha’s love, Christ’s love. Love comes through loving, not from outside.
> 
> As the song goes, Love is all there is. Do you too hear this gentle music?
> 
> With love and blessings,  
> Lama Surya Das
