---
title: "Day 4"
date: 2019-09-02
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "187434096221"
---

# Day 4
And go.

This is the fourth day in a row that I’ve got on here and typed. A new record.

Today was a good day. A different day. It’s Labor Day Weekend here. Today, we well, I probably don’t want to talk too much about my personal life. Just in case anyone could figure out who this is, typing this.

Not that anyone is reading this. Because someone would have to be reading it, to actually try and figure out who is typing it in the first place.

I should probably stop procrastinating writing this until right before midnight each night. I should really make an effort to start typing this much much earlier in the day. Even like 9 o clock? At night?

That might work.

There’s just a lot that’s going on right now, and sometimes it’s hard to make sense of it all.

I guess that typing here, makes a little bit of sense. It’s a little constant in my day. And it’s just nice to have something to turn to, something that makes sense when not much else does.

Like selling the house, having to make improvements on the house, stupid home inspections. All that.

Should I get another degree, like a MBA or an MS in Data Science. There’s a lot that’s going on right now, and I just don’t know.

Job is going well. I certainly can’t complain. I mean, we probably wouldn’t be buying a new house if it wasn’t going well. It’s just, well, I don’t know.

I like the mentoring, I like the job, but I just don’t know if it’s “me?”

And now I think I hear the daughter. But usually when I’m up late, I hear her like this at least once. It’s kind of like us in the middle of the night, we might talk, we might snore, we might make some type of noise. But we all do it.

So why not when you’re 2?

Makes sense.

Just doesn’t help when you’re the parent and you jump at every unexpected noise your child makes.

Times up.
