---
title: "Day 2"
date: 2019-08-27
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "187318585441"
---

# Day 2
Here we go.

5 minutes.

5 minutes for what? For writing. Why 5? I’m not sure. It seemed like a good, fake number to write for that amount last night. And I’m a completionist, or something like that, so I am going to try and do it again for a second night in a row.

Hence, Day 2.

It was a good day. It didn’t start out a good day. But some days start out as good days, and end as not good days. So, the day can come in all shapes and forms. And I’m happy with how this one turned out. I hope that I can continue to write. I hope that I can continue to sleep when I’m done writing. I hope that my daughter continues to sleep. Although that shouldn’t be a problem.

Having problems continuing to write.

Tired. 

Tired of what? Tired because of no sleep? Tired because of life? Tired because of no life?

Why are people tired? There are many reasons. But are any of them real? Are there any real reasons why you would be tired? 

Some would say that being tired is something in your mind. 

I believe that to be true. To an extent. There is always a limit. You need to know your limit. 

Limits are meant to be broken. Like rules. Like laws.

And then they are meant to be re-written.

And we go full circle. 

Round and round. Back to writing.

It’s amazing. The journeys we take when we write.

I don’t think there is much in life that is like a journey you take with the written word. 

Is this written? Or typed? Who knows.

Who cares?

I care?

You care?

Care about what?

What?

Now you’re just being silly.

Time’s up.
