# Day 3
Is it fair to think ahead of time what I’m going to write here? I did think about what I was going to write, and then, literally, as I hit the timer, I just started typing about something else. So even though I did think about what I was going to write, I’m not even writing about that.

I do think that I should expand this exercise to include writing to my daughter. We’ve been emailing her since she was born - we set up an email account for her so that we could do this. And I need, or feel the need to be doing this more often. 

There’s a lot that goes into parenting, but I feel that most of it is just focusing and being with your child. And a lot of the other “stuff” in your life can just “go away.” 

I feel that there’s a lot in my life that can just go away at the moment. There needs to be some trimming of the excess. Some getting rid of the things that don’t matter.

For instance, we’re moving right now. Bought a new house, selling our current house. A lot of our things are in storage right now because we cleaned out the house in order to make it look nice for selling. But now, I think to myself, it’s nice not having all of this in the house. Now, given, the new house is bigger, but does that mean we need or allow ourselves to keep the things that we don’t need?

There does seem to be a hint that we just don’t need that stuff anymore.

I really do like this exercise. This, tonight, seems to be more like journalling rather than the other nights where it’s just been typing for 5 minutes with really no thought behind anything. 

It’s not like I have a goal in doing this. It’s, like I said last night, more an exercise, a way for me to get the brain going, to get thoughts down on paper, and to continue having my mind work at least a little bit faster than my hands can go.

Thank you for listening. Tomorrow is another day.
