---
title: "Day 1, Pt. 2"
date: 2019-08-29
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "187363582216"
---

# Day 1, Pt. 2
No interruptions for 5 minutes. 

Not for school. Not for wives. And not for dogs.

Why?

Focus.

It’s time to focus.

Focus for five.

Remember not to correct typos until the end. Boy that is hard to not correct typos.

Why is it so hard to not hit that delete key and try to fix those typos? I don’t know. We also always want to fix our mistakes. We’re afraid of making those mistakes. It’s hard to keep typing, or keep doing whatever we’re doing when we make mistakes.

But it can be easier when it’s play. Why is it easier to make mistakes when we are playing? Or even when we think we’re playing? Because if I make this a game—the typing the writing for 5 minutes—a game, then the mistakes are less of a problem. In fact, I’m thinking now that this is less of a problem. 

It’s easier for me to type now that I think of this as a game. I’m trying to type as much as I can and as fast as I can in the 5 minutes that I have. I’m almost 3 minutes done.

It doesn’t seem like this is a lot for 3 minutes.

Do I think this exercise is doing anything?

If anything it’s fun.

I look forward to it. I’m excited to share this with my significant other. I’m not saying that I’m excited to share what I’m writing, because frankly it’s not about WHAT I’m writing. It’s more about sharing what I’m doing, and why I’m doing it.

But I don’t even know why I’m doing it.

I just do.

One minute.

Countdown.

It’s the final countdown.

Like Rocky.

Have you seen all the Rocky movies? 

I haven’t. I’ve seen the two new Creed movies. I watched the second one on one of our airplane rides this summer to France. It was a good time to watch it on the plane. Not distracted.

And time is up. No distractions.
