---
title: "Day 2, Pt. 2"
date: 2019-08-31
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "187388445441"
---

# Day 2, Pt. 2
It’s late.

Starting this journey late today. But I’m still doing it. And that’s the important part, to keep going each time.

To think to yourself. Just one more step. Just one more step in this journey. Whatever that journey might be. Today, for me, that journey is taking the time to do this 5 minute writing. This five minutes of just pure, unadulterated, writing.

I’m not sure what else to call it other than that. It’s just creating muscle practice, I guess. Creating muscle memory. Both in the hands, the fingers, but also in the mind, in the brain, to create and let my mind go. To allow myself the ability, the freedom to create. To give myself the space to create freely. Without interruption, without constraint.

Well, other than the constraint of typing for only 5 minutes

We’re coming up on the halfway point this time.

And this is where the time starts to slow down. Well, it’s not really the time slowing down, it’s the typing. And this is, I wonder, definitely not a test of typing speed. But it’s a test of how the mind works. And how quickly the mind can continue to work. Continue to create something that wasn’t there before, just a second ago. 

It reminds me of choir in high school, and how you needed to keep thinking ahead in your mind of what was coming next in the song, what piece was next, what word, what note. But at the same time you needed to keep singing the notes and the words that you needed at that moment in time. So on the one hand, you’re singing the notes and the words that need to be sung at that time, but your mind is almost working separately from your body, and is thinking about what needs to come next.

And that’s the lesson for today. That this writing is allowing my mind to work a little bit more separately from my body.

And we’re counting down.

This has been fun.

Thanks for listening.

Done.
