---
title: "Day 1"
date: 2019-08-26
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "187294797191"
---

# Day 1
A test.

A test to see what I can write. A test to see if I can. To see if I can write. To collect my thoughts. To put words to my thoughts, my thoughts to words.

To write something that sounds like I’m drunk but I’m not. To not correct my spelling, when it’s wrong. To continue going for four more minutes when that feels like an eternity.

To continue typing like my life depends on it, but it never does, and it always does.

Does that make sense. Sense to who? Does it matter if it makes sense to you, to me, to anyone. Does anyone matter? Or does everyone matter?

You matter, I matter, we matter. We scream for ice cream.

That sounds good, but it also sounds good to focus. To continue to write. To write to continue. To not worry about today, tomorrow, or yesterday, in that order or any order.

It’s a day, the first day, to see what today can bring, to see what these thoughts, these words can bring. It’s amazing to see what you can do when you just DO.

To not worry. To type. To 

Do.

Do it.

Do it.

What am I doing? I’m still typing. I’m still going. Are you still going? We’re about two more minutes. Is that all? I’m not really sure, because I didn’t really keep track of what time I started or how long I’ve been going. I just think there’s two minutes left. 

Which is about all we can say for our own lives, that we don’t know how much time is left. It could be two minutes, seem like two minutes, or which it was two minutes longer. We never know until we know, and even then we don’t really know. It’s amazing, our lives where two minutes is never really just two minutes.
