---
date: 2023-10-18
source: tumblr
tumblr_id: "731534763947704320"
---
# 4 Years

Four years since I’ve last written here. 

Trying to create space and time for myself, for what I want to do, for what I want out of this life. Trying to communicate to others, to my spouse, to work, to my boss, to myself. It’s extremely difficult for me to tell others, to tell myself what I want. 

Why is it so hard for me to communicate to others? Why is it so hard for me to communicate with myself?

Had an argument, well, a couple of arguments the last couple of days. And with space and time, I realize that part of the larger issue aside from me not communicating is the general idea of not creating that space for what I want. 

I’ve already assumed that what I want is or never will be a priority for anyone else, so why should I even bring it up in the first place. Or, I don’t want to do something, so why should I bring it up if I don’t even want to discuss it?

There’s a lot of different feelings and emotions and thoughts here at play. 

It’s certainly not at the point where I’m consumed with a lack of movement or motion towards what I want. It’s not where I’m consumed in the dark. But it is being consumed with being stuck with the idea that other people’s lives can improve or change, but mine is stuck. 

I need to be able to talk with my spouse about these concerns. I need to be able to talk with my spouse about more things, every day things, and not just big things. I’m not alone. I don’t have to do this all by myself. I’m not able to do this all by myself. Nor should I have to do it all by myself. But I’ll be stuck doing it by myself if I don’t open up and communicate to those who are close. Or to those who I want close.
